Purpose of site: a vehicle to place dogs into homes of people who desire canine companionship.
Goal of site: provide a wide selection of adoptees, match adoptees to adopters, provide education on dog training


Empty Nester
Name: Debbie Conrad
Quote: "Are you hungry? When did you last eat? I just made some cookies."
Gender: female
Age: 52
Occupation: Dental Office Receptionist
Education: associates degree from local community college
Activities & hobbies: baking cookies, sewing
Other details:
    --Mother of three sons, the last has recently moved out of state for college.
    --Her husband travels a lot for work.
Motivation: Debbie would like to find a dog for companionship. She is looking for a dog that is low-key and low-impact.
    A small to medium sized dog who is older than 3 years old.
Devices: Debbie is fluent with an iPhone, she uses a desktop computer for paying bills, and mostly uses her tablet (iPad)
    in the evening when she is relaxing at home and playing games or browsing the web.
Browser: Debbie uses whatever browser was installed on her device. She does not willingly update her browsers unless a site
    or app no longer works with her system.
Internet browsing time: about 2-3 hours a day
Use of the site: Debbie wants to see the dogs that are available for adoption. She is also interested in the experts
    advice on how to best raise a dog and what she should be aware of in terms of cost associated with raising a dog.

Tech Savvy Outdoorsman
Name: Pete McMasters
Quote: "Code is better written with a cold brew in one hand."
Age: 31
Occupation: Front End Web Developer
Education: bachelors degree in web development
Activities & hobbies: hiking, biking, coding, craft brewing
Other details:
    --Newly promoted to Senior level web developer
    --Making a higher salary with his new promotion
Motivation: Pete is ready to share his life and build a relationship with mans-best-friend. He wants to train the dog for outdoor activities, like running and hiking.
Devices: Pete uses the newest iPhone, Mac laptop, and iPad. Pete uses his laptop mostly for work and coding, he's on many different browsers.
    Pete usually uses his smartphone for browsing when he is away from the home/office and sometimes he will take his tablet with him. He browses for fun mostly
    mostly using his smartphone.
Internet browsing time: 4-5 hours a day
Use of the site: Pete is looking for a young dog that has lots of energy, so he's looking for a specific age range, and a dog that trains
    well. Pete is looking for training resources as well. He likes taking care of all his business in one stop, so being able to pay
    for the adoption process and communicate via the web site is ideal.

Educated Activist
Name: Diane von Freidrich
Quote: "Literature opens the mind to possibilities unimagined."
Age: 45
Occupation: Librarian and animal rights advocate
Education: masters in library science and research
Activities & hobbies: reading, walking, book clubs
Other details:
    --Diane enjoys community outreach to help educate others on animal rights
    --Very active in the community and travels mostly within a 50 mile radius
Motivation: Diane is looking for a small canine companion to accompany her on her daily community interactions. She needs a dog that is well-behaved and
    not rambunctious.
Devices: Diane uses an eReader for some reading but she really prefers paper books. She has a smartphone, but doesn't use this for much other than texting or calling.
    Most of Diane's research is done through her desktop computer at her home office. She does not have a tablet. Her home entertainment system consists of a 15 year old
    TV with rabbit ears. She does not stream content or use apps.
Internet browsing time: 1-2 hours a day (staring at a screen gives her a headache)
Use of the site: Diane will be using the site for thorough research on types of dogs appropriate for her needs. As well as what dogs need for daily care.
